You
schedule for 16 minutes next.
It's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Well, I can't thank you kids enough.
Shaggy should get most of the credit.
Where is Shaggy?
Oh, no, not again.
It looks like Shaggy wants to try it for the eight-man role in the picture.
Arise!
But there's Scooby doing the other chair.
Surprise!
It's the Scooby hat the eight-band was wearing.
Now, there's real talent.
We sure fooled him, Scooby. We ought to be in the movies.
Spare!
Show me where we go!
Would you understand to join the city of the eight?
Yes.
Two days ago, one-time state of the eight?
Would you understand to join the city of the eight?
Yes.
Two days ago, one-time state of the eight?
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to Giga home biological entire resistance.
I resisted slow noise information.
We brought to you by a raspy voice biologist.
It's the 14th of October, 2023.
The bottom of the holy weapon.
Peace.
A little slow there on the, on the draw.
I apologize for that cut.
Yeah, so I got a pretty sore throat, some sore ears.
I'm not really sure where that came from, but I'm not going to talk very much tonight.
He's not very loud.
I'm not going to get very angry.
I'm trying to give my voice a little bit of a rest.
My blower is still on back there.
So I'm not sure how long that's going to run, but I'll just leave it there for now.
If it gets annoying after a while, I can take it down.
Don't take the bait on TV and social media, of course.
We're still trying to solve this mystery of Scooby-Doo.
Looks like this one's a little bit out of alignment or something here.
Need to move it.
Yeah, see, it was just one out.
There we go.
Yeah, we're still getting tricked into solving this mystery tonight.
I've got a couple of interesting examples of, I guess, surprisingly on point Scooby-Doo plays.
Things in people that I didn't think would do it, and it's so late in the game.
If my throat felt better, I was going to watch a movie, an interview rather with Jessica Rose
on Amadmalaik's podcast.
It's exceptionally interesting, but I don't have the endurance for it tonight.
So I will skip that tonight.
Why did that stop there?
So we're still trying to get through this illusion that's been created by all these people on the Internet
and annoying.
They definitely are.
But nonetheless, this is where we are.
They've created this illusion, and the illusion has been done so well that the almost entire planet has been tricked into solving a mystery that we never needed to solve.
But in being tricked and accepting the challenge of solving the mystery, we've also accepted the mystery's premises, which are that there's a novel virus that everybody was vulnerable to.
That we had to do something, including lockdown masks and vaccines.
And if the vaccines wouldn't have been rushed, they would be spectacular.
But they saved 20 million lives already.
And there's definitely going to be another one of these because gain of function is real.
And so by solving the Scooby-Doo mystery that all these people, including myself, tricked ourselves into solving, we have accepted those premises of the faith.
And until very recently, I was under the same spell that everybody else was under.
And now I'm desperately trying to wake people up as you are to this illusion.
And it's an illusion of consensus that all these people agree on something.
And what do they agree on?
They don't even actually say it.
That's the crazy part.
But you have to solve it.
You have to see what they don't talk about.
You have to see what they avoid talking about.
And then they all share a pattern.
And so in trying to penetrate this illusion of consensus, we've identified people like Mick Hudson and Peter McCullough that have either been consistent or even in their inconsistencies have been aiming toward the truth.
And it's been very hard to find people that have gotten to the stage where they can freely admit that, you know, maybe intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system on behalf of the immune system.
On behalf of the CDC in America is pretty dumb.
Taking advice from the CDC about how to augment your immune system is probably pretty dumb.
And I assure you, transfection is not immunization.
And so we've been talking a lot about it not being a matter of what's true, but what's perceived to be true.
And yesterday I queued in on this idea of, you know, a tunnel on a screen. There goes the blower.
Oh, no, I can finally hear again.
If we if we think about this as an illusion, then these people back here have essentially helped in creating an illusion very much like a tunnel but a tunnel in time and space.
And experience that was on our TVs, in our social media feeds and on our telephones, on our iPads.
And not much different than the thing that we were just watching here.
Except what streaming past you are Facebook posts.
And an illusion of consensus which led us to believe that, okay, we got to keep walking this way, watch out for that. Look out.
Here we go. Stay behind Robert Malone. He's a smart guy.
Listen to Tony Fauci. He knows what he's been there for 38 years. He's got to know what's going on.
And it doesn't matter what side of the ball you were on, you were being led by someone down this imaginary tunnel and told not to look too closely at the walls.
Don't bother to check. Trust us. Just keep going.
And it's this spectacular that there is something about this injection.
This spectacular commitment to lies that we've got a break. Now, Daniel Nagasi is a really interesting fellow because I believe he has been on Kevin McCarran's show before.
He was very early out in Canada speaking out about these shots.
But when I tried to contact him, he basically accused me of being a no virus guy when I said there wasn't any spread.
And later on, he kind of backpedaled a little bit after I tried to explain who I was and what I really meant.
But he didn't want to waste his time coming on Gigome and didn't really want to talk to me anymore.
Now, I find him an interesting and puzzling guy because when I first saw him on the Internet, I thought we were basically the same dude, one in Canada and one in Pittsburgh.
But then after not being able to get in touch with him at all, like with repeated.
After that was cleared up again, we weren't communicating anymore.
But now I saw this video where he had testified with what's his name?
But this thing over in Europe, I've also testified for them.
And he made a very interesting set of comments about the contents of the shot related to graphene, which as far as I know, Kevin McCarran, that was one of the things on his list from the very, very beginning, was there is no 5G in the virus and there's no 5G in the shot
and there's no graphene in the shot and even looked at it under the microscope to prove to everybody that there was no graphene or hydras.
And so I find it very interesting and I wonder if Daniel and Kevin McCarran will get together and talk again about this, this new idea or revelation in Daniel Legassi's mind. Listen carefully.
That is vitally important to their agenda.
They have to take away bodily autonomy.
So I don't know.
It makes me think that there is something about this injection that is vitally important to their agenda.
They have to take away bodily autonomy.
So I don't know what's in the injection, but you know, if you have self polymerizing carbon fiber, that can act as an antenna.
Graphene has electrical properties.
And then I have to question why there's all these purple streetlights showing up at important intersections all over Vancouver, Calgary and Edmonton.
And you also have these purple ultraviolet streetlights on all the major highways at the choke points between the border of Alberta and BC.
Now, the only thing I can say about the purple streetlight is back from the 90s when I was doing cell biology is if you wanted to check to see whether a gene was successfully spliced into a bacteria or a yeast, you could use ultraviolet light to see whether the gene splicing occurred.
So the big question in my mind is, are these purple streetlights being put up at certain intervals throughout the city to create 15 minute zone.
And then if you try and cross the border within a city that they will be able to verify your vaccine status using the ultraviolet light.
Now, that being said, it's pretty hard because skin has a lot of keratin, right? So the blood flow doesn't go very close to the skin. So it would be very difficult to detect fluorescence on skin.
But I'm sure everyone's aware that when it's dark, you can see cat's eyes glow in the dark.
And that's because the cat eye collects enough light, even very ambient light when they even when it seems dark to us that it can reflect that light outward human eyes are similar, just not as effective as cat eyes.
So again, if you have a block where it's dark, because the only streetlights are ultraviolet and someone's walking down the street, you probably will be able to detect whether or not they have a fluorescent protein, because it would be circulating
in the circulation of the retina at the back of the eye.
So I don't know what resolution of video camera you need, a 4K or an 8K with a night enhancement version.
But I suspect you might be able to see through the reflection, you know, the red eye that you sometimes get when you have a camera flash.
A variation of that might be able to detect if people have been vaccinated or genetically altered at every intersection in a city.
So that's a pretty weird turn right I mean, I'm not going to speculate on whether or not these technologies could exist or can exist I think you need an awful lot of fluorescent protein and circulation to be able to detect it in your eye.
I don't think he exactly explained the way a cat eyes reflectivity works.
It's a strange thing.
And that discussion is longer.
But the point is, is that where are we going?
We're still going toward confusion.
He's not questioning the narrative.
He's not questioning the main faith, which is that there was a novel virus that got released and ran around the world and we had to do something and the mRNA did a lot but it could have been better because we rushed it.
It's going to come again because this was gain of function.
And that's what we really should be questioning right now.
And if we're not, I think we're playing games and so it's really to me.
I think we got to be very careful at this stage not to be distracted.
And again, you know, directed back into the cave.
We got to keep looking for the exit.
I think we're in the middle of an ongoing crime.
I've no idea how long it's going to last.
I think it's, I'm convinced that it will be the biggest crime in history.
It's global.
It has the intent of control, removing everybody's freedom and I personally think will involve killing for the millions, if not billions of people.
That makes it a pretty big competitive for the title worst crime in history.
It is long plans.
I won't bore you with the details, but I've definitely come across information that shows that the components of the receipts that they've used, you know, PCR, exaggerated PCR testing, the use of fear based messaging through the media.
This stuff's been rehearsed by militaries and the people we might think of as the spooks for at least 25 years and possibly longer.
So it's long plan. Very serious.
Here's the thing why I'm calling you to arm.
It's not going to return to the old normal one.
That's never their intention.
So it's not going to happen passively because it's not risen to an actual phenomenon that's going to wear off.
They're not going to allow it to return to normal.
So if you comply with this tyranny, it will end with the loss of your liberty and probably your life.
The supply chains that move materials, raw materials and finished goods around the world are being sworn through on a global scale.
You only got to look at where the shipping is where it should be and where it actually is.
And terrifyingly, the same is happening to food production worldwide food and fertiliser production.
It's in the wrong place.
It's deliberate.
They're smashing the means of manufacturing enough calories to keep 7.8 billion people alive.
And where do you think that's going to end?
Well, the answer is mass starvation or a global migration.
That's what's going to happen if you and everybody else choose to do nothing at all.
Also, economic instruction, we can see happening around us, interest rates will rise on the back of huge debts that will just cause mass bankruptcies, rolling recessions, depressions, things like that.
And I would also imagine loss of confidence in the very thing called money.
So any savings you've got, I think they'll just vanish.
Literally, people will just say, I no longer trust sterling.
I don't want to accept it.
And so all your savings are worth nothing.
So if you wait, I believe it will be too late.
I think you already know that I'm broadly telling you something that's closer to the reality than what government's telling me.
But I believe that we can head off the worst crimes in history by actively withdrawing our consent and definitely not accepting these digital ID for any reason, any reason.
If you accept it, they will sweep over us.
And so just the last few words, I implore you to get involved to use some of what I and others are saying to you.
Be brave, actually, you have to be brave now and risk embarrassment and recruit other people to this cause, and we can roll them over.
Yes, I believe this is true.
I've got two short videos to watch.
One is a secret pocket from the World Council of Health.
And one is a comedy video called the spy who poisoned me.
And you might remember this lady from another semi viral video that she did about masks and lockdowns and other stuff.
I actually think this might be a clue over here, this spilled vase.
I'm just saying, I don't know if I trust this person, but let's listen to secret first and then we'll end with that lady.
And then I'll take a early evening.
Our next speaker tonight is one of my personal heroes of this time of this time.
A shining light in this time of darkness professor.
A specialist in microbiology and infectious disease epidemiology professor emeritus of the Johannes Gutenberg University in mines.
Head of the Institute for medical microbiology and hygiene there from 1991 to 2012.
And he's a founder and chairman of the M and WTFD, a society of physicians and scientists for health.
Freedom and democracy is an association of physicians and other medically active persons with scientists.
We're engaged in research and teaching on the topics of health, freedom and democracy in order to serve the health and social welfare of the population.
Of course, we could add a lot more to this biography here, but I'll hand it over to you.
Welcome, professor, please go ahead and you're listening to your words.
Thank you. Well, I was asked to take a break from top science and talk to you in lay language about the,
if you an overview about the dangers, can vaccine dating, contamination, all to algae.
No man promotes cannabis, that's the topic to go for.
So any school child, 14 year old will understand, and this is what I'm going to try to do in 10 minutes.
Now, the genome is the entire set of DNA instructions found in the cell packaged in chromosomes, the books of life, that are safeguarded in the cell nucleus.
When a recipe for a product, let's say a cake is required.
The book is opened at the right page and a copy of the recipe is made that is sent to the manufacturing site, the bakery, in the cell.
The cake and tasty bits thereof are placed for inspection on the windowsill of the cell.
Having fulfilled its purpose, the copied recipe, mRNA, is disposed of.
RNA vaccines are such short lived copies of chromosomal recipes that direct the production of selected pathogens, like the spike protein.
More than 1 billion copies are administered with each injection into the human body.
Mass production of mRNA requires mass ability of the DNA templates.
How can this be achieved?
You have just heard that this is done because the billions and trillions of copies of the DNA recipes are derived.
So did you already catch it?
Or did you miss it?
Because he's trying to get everything into 10 minutes. He's doing it really fast.
He says the DNA is all the code of your life is stored in the nucleus.
If you need anything out of that code, part of the code that contains the recipe that you need is translated into RNA and shipped to the bakery.
The RNA is a very short lived message.
Then he transitioned right away to say that these mRNA vaccines are very short lived messages. Listen carefully.
You've got to hear everything. You've got to listen to everything to know the message.
Any school child, 14-year-old, will understand, and this is what I'm going to try to do in 10 minutes.
Now the genome is the entire set of DNA instructions found in itself, packaged in chromosomes, the books of life, that are safeguarded in the cell nucleus.
When a recipe for a product, let's say a cake is required.
The book is opened at the right page and a copy of the recipe is made that is sent to the manufacturing site, the bakery, in the cell.
The cake and tasty bits thereof are placed for inspection on the windowsill of the cell.
Having fulfilled its purpose, the copied...
That was nice. The tasty bits of the cake are displayed on the windowsill of the cell. That's like an MHC presentation. That's very clever.
So great.
The recipe, mRNA, is disposed of. RNA vaccines are such short-lived copies of chromosomal recipes that direct the production of selected antigens, like the spike protein.
Did you hear the words he chose? That was terrible.
mRNA vaccines are short copies of chromosomal what?
Holy cow. Listen to that.
I'll lose my voice tonight. I didn't even hear this yet. I'm a little shocked. Come on, Sucre. You can do better than this.
Acry in the cell. The cake and tasty bits thereof are placed for inspection on the windowsill of the cell.
Having fulfilled its purpose, the copied recipe, mRNA, is disposed of.
RNA vaccines are such short-lived copies of chromosomal recipes that direct the production of selected antigens, like the spike protein.
More than 1 billion copies are administered with each injection into the human body.
Mass production of mRNA requires mass availability of the DNA templates. How can this be achieved?
You have just heard that this is done because the billions and trillions of copies of the DNA recipes are derived from bacteria.
The recipes are contained in minute bacterial chromosomes that attract plasmids. Plasmids are easily manipulated.
Foreign recipes, like the genes encoding for viral proteins, can be inserted.
Following bacterial multiplication, the plasmids are harvested and used as templates for production of the RNA copies.
The RNA molecules are then packaged into tiny fatty globules termed lipid nanoparticles.
The packaging material is essential to protect RNA from destruction so that it can travel in the bloodstream to reach all organs of the body.
There, the lipid nanoparticles act as Trojan horses. They are taken up by cells, their cargo is released within, and the recipes direct production of the gene product that is displayed on the windowsill.
What everyone simply must know is that outside the cell, security guards.
So it's displayed on the windowsill, he said again, but it's not the same.
It's not the same as being displayed on MHC1. This is actually expressed on the outside of the cell, which again, with regard to normal RNA, is not the case.
Normal RNA, you might make RNA for an ion channel, and then if the cell reports that protein expression, it's going to report a cell antigen taken from that and displayed on MHC1.
It doesn't have to go to the cell service.
There's some strange imprecision here, maybe just because he's trying really hard to get this all into one paragraph, and he's reading it, but there's some pretty big mistakes or at least some pretty large examples of imprecision.
I'm not darn it.
But on the watch, all is well, when a cake is produced according to a recipe originating from one's own book of life.
You don't need to get angry.
I'm not saying he's a bad guy. I learned all my terminology about the shots and the way that they work from the perspective of the good way, the cartoon way from him.
He's saying that now he's got the opportunity to tell everybody everything about the shot, and unfortunately he's been distracted into believing that the DNA contamination is somehow thousands of times worse than the transfection ever was.
And I think that's a mistake.
It might be bad. It might be very bad, but transfection was very bad.
And so to add this on top is what he should do.
He should explain the biology of transfection and why it's bad, and then say, and in order to make this for everybody, we made it even worse.
That's the point. And you can't read something like this and read it really fast in a language that's not your first tongue and put sarcasm in there that people are going to get, which he's done a couple times now, which is kind of funny, but it's kind of not because nobody's going to get that.
Sarcasm in second language is not, you know, it's not the most universal thing.
You need to chill out. I'm such a flog.
You're just having trouble with the fact that everybody on Earth has been Scooby-Dooed, and there aren't very many people who can see it.
Even me and him, when we were on the same page in 2020, we're Scooby-Dooed.
Because we still believed in a virus that flew around the world and he does too.
And that's what we've got to be careful of. That's what this is about.
And if we're going to do it, we've got to be precise about this, and we can't say that the RNA vaccines are short-lived.
Are they short-lived?
Sucred Bakti knows that they're not short-lived. He did journal clubs on those papers.
So then why is he saying it?
Why is he calling RNA vaccines short-lived chromosomal recipes?
We're going to get out of this. We can't keep making mistakes like this, where people like Debunk the Funk can use this video against him.
And other people will say, well, Debunk the Funk kind of knows what he's talking about because that jives with it I know.
Get a grip. I'm not doing this for ego.
I'd rather be upstairs watching Rocky with my kids.
But I think that this is for them too. This is really important.
We are about to drop the ball here. We're at the goal line, you know, and it's like third in goal. We got one more mistake.
One genome, but whoa, if the recipe originates from an alien book, then the security guards, our immune system, will leap into action and attack that cell.
The capacity of the immune system to recognize and eliminate cells that manufacture non-self is given at birth and ends at death.
Reflect on transplant rejection. You get my kidney, you reject my kidney. Non-self is not tolerated even within the same species of humans.
And if after first failure, a repeat attempt is made, you get my second kidney, an explosive rejection followers, fast and furious.
The same principle underlies the ever-increasing intensity of adverse events following in the wake of booster RNA injections.
The numbers of packaged RNA coffees administered with each injection are gigantic, myriad immune attack events will erupt throughout the body that can only hold when production of the alien protein comes to an end.
How long will this take? Just a few days as the vaccine manufacturers, the vaccine perpetrators, and recently the Nobel Prize Committee are not weary to assert an alarming finding surfaced over the past year that was not consolable with that assertion.
Spike protein and multi-organ inflammation was detected in vaccine leaves weeks and even months after the injections.
This was associated with severe and often fatal illness. What earthly reason could there have been and could there still be for such disastrous long-lasting production of an RNA encoded protein?
The discovering of contaminating plasmic DNA in the vaccines by Kevin McCurnan and colleagues immediately provides one terrifying explanation.
In the vaccine production process, the plasmic DNA templates must be removed from the generated mRNA before the latter is packaged into the lipid nano.
So I misunderstood him. So he was saying something here that must have not jive because he said almost everything right. It was really good.
But he must have said something about the long-lived spike protein and not the long-lived RNA.
And then now he's explaining the long-lived spike protein with the DNA contamination. I got to listen again. I'm sorry. I missed it.
Tell security guards are on the watch. All is well. When a cake is produced according to a recipe originating from one's own book of life, one's own genome.
But whoa, if the recipe originates from an alien book, then the security guards, our immune system, will leap into action and attack that cell.
The capacity of the immune system to recognize and eliminate cells that manufacture non-self is given at birth and ends at death.
Reflect on transplant rejection. You get my kidney, you reject my kidney. Non-self is not tolerated even within the same species of humans.
And if after first failure, a repeat attempt is made, you get my second kidney and explosive rejection followers, fast and furious.
The same principle underlies the ever-increasing intensity of adverse events following in the wake of booster RNA injections.
The numbers of packaged RNA copies administered with each injection are gigantic, myriad immune attack events, will erupt throughout the body that can only halt when production of the alien protein comes to an end.
How long will this take? Just a few days as the vaccine manufacturers, the vaccine perpetrators, and recently the Nobel Prize Committee are not weary to assert.
An alarming finding surfaced over the past year that was not consilable with that assertion.
Spike protein and multi-organ inflammation was detected in vaccinees weeks and even months after the injections.
This was associated with severe and often fatal illness. What earthly reason could there have been a assertion?
So technically he is going to blame that spike protein on the DNA, or at least this is the explanation he's accepting it.
I'm not saying that he doesn't see the other part, but...
associated with severe and often fatal illness. What earthly reason could there have been and could there still be for such disastrous long-lasting production of an RNA encoded protein?
The discovering of contaminating plasmic DNA in the vaccines by Kevin MacKernan and colleagues immediately provides one terrifying explanation.
In the vaccine production process, the plasmic DNA templates must be removed from the generated mRNA before the latter is packaged into the lipid nanoparticles.
Otherwise, plasmids will also end up in the packages. Kevin MacKernan discovered that this crucial step of removing plasmic DNA had not been assiduously undertaken.
Huge amounts of plasmic DNA were found in packaged form that guaranteed their successful delivery to cells. Kevin's work has been replicated now in other laboratories, several are represented at today's panel.
Cell uptake of whole or fragmented plasmids alters the entire set of DNA instructions and by definition equates with alteration of the genome,
keyed that the nuclear envelope breaks down when the cell divides so that foreign DNA can gain proximity to and become encased with chromosomes in newly formed nuclei of daughter cells.
Whole recipes will cause production of whole products and continued production of any non-cell protein will provoke long-term information and organ damage throughout the body.
Vessel walls will be damaged. Bleeding and blood clot formation are inevitable consequences. Tissues will die for lack of oxygen. The heart is one organ that cannot replace dead cells.
Who has not heard of the mysterious sudden cardiac deaths that are occurring around the world? They are only the tip of an iceberg.
Vaccine induced heart disease has entered the daily agenda of young and old.
The second organ that cannot replace its dead is the brain, depending on where a vaccine damage is done, any neurological and psychiatric affliction may follow.
In a similar fashion autoimmune diseases can develop simultaneously in different organs.
This multifaceted feature of vaccination induced injury is unique and tellingly illustrated in the tragic case of a 14-year-old child who died of multi-organ inflammation as has never been seen before.
The potential of vaccination to negatively impact on fertility and reproduction is enormous. The vaccines accumulate in the reproductive organs and this could immediately impair fertility.
Uptake of circulating RNA and DNA by cells of the placenta could result in stillbirths. The central damage may also enable the packaged genes to enter the fetal circulation.
Indeed it is known that stem cells in umbilical cord blood are reduced and impaired following vaccination.
And it must be feared that this is because the baby is reached in the mother's womb.
The flat fat globules with their carol are also known to find their way into breast milk.
That permeability is high during the first weeks after birth and the real possibility exists that breastfeeding will result in direct passage of vaccines into the baby's blood, where suicide mechanisms may be triggered.
Never forget the capacity of the immune system to recognize and destroy cells that produce alien proteins is given at birth.
The incredible horror story does not end here.
Packaged DNA fragments have been found en masse as vaccine contaminants.
Once they reach the nucleus, short DNA sequences have an increased propensity to insert into chromosomal DNA.
The possible consequences are unending.
Disruption of the exquisitely tuned network that controls cell division and differentiation can lead to cancer and to developmental defects.
Mutations in sperm and fertilized egg cells could render altered traits inheritable.
Cost-effective procedures to reliably separate mass-produced RNA from plasmids do not exist.
Contamination of RNA vaccines with plasmid DNA must therefore be expected to be the rule and not the exception.
Whoever propagates RNA vaccines as being safe and effective, whoever claims that nothing can happen to your genome is either incredibly ignorant or endlessly evil.
That person is turning his back on the horror scenario that is unfolding in front of our very eyes.
Fellow citizens and physicians of the world turn away from the perpetration of this monstrous crime against humanity.
Do this to save yourself, your descendants, do this to rescue the name of your family or go down in history as one of the greatest criminals of all time.
Okay, so I stand a little corrected. He definitely pulled it out of the ditch there, but I still think that in the beginning when he said that RNA vaccines are short-lived chromosomal recipes,
I think he was attempting to be sarcastic and it doesn't come off that way if it's not your first language and it's not going to come off that way for anybody else that's listening to him either.
Even people that speak English as their first language because of him not doing that and vice versa.
So it's a great message. Obviously it's a great message and I really liked how actually the DNA wasn't so central to his explanation.
It didn't matter. It was worse. It made it worse.
I was anticipating that was going to be a lot worse than it was. So when it started with the bakery and whatever, I was getting really worried at first.
So that's good. I'm happy. That's great.
More hope there.
This one is less hopeful to me. It's a little weird.
She's funny, but it's a little weird and we go full-court press on one particular idea which I need to process still.
It's been nearly four years since the imaginary virus swept the Earth and almost three since the release of its antidote.
A miracle vaccine that utilized a brand new never-before-seen technology with capabilities far beyond our existing antiquated immunizations.
Its swift release came with a promise that it was completely safe and 95% effective.
Then it would ensure your grandmother's survival and secure your future employment.
It would protect you, not only from the dangerous contagion, but from the even more dangerous social contagion that had taken hold of the mom.
You would no longer run the risk of being ostracized by your friends or excommunicated by your family.
It would eliminate the risk of being threatened on public transportation by strangers who wish death upon you and your children.
You wouldn't have to abandon any more of your family members as they...
as they died in a cold and sterile hospital bed.
But three years and ten boosters later, it seems like every month another acquaintance of mine is dropping dead from a heart attack.
And that social contagion? Well, the world has never been more divided.
In other words, as suspected, all of those promises fell short.
And while anyone with two eyes to see would call the response to the pandemic and epic failure,
the regime continues to operate as though the Titanic didn't just smash into a giant iceberg
and that it successfully made its way across the Atlantic Ocean.
And now we're all expected to clap for the captain of the ship.
And that's exactly what we did this week, when the circus production of delusion awarded to scientists a Nobel Prize for their contribution to the development of COVID-19.
I mean, the fact that anyone would be awarded for creating something so dangerous and deadly is ridiculous enough on its own.
But after Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize for bombing seven countries, this isn't what should surprise you.
What should set off alarm bells is that these two won the prize instead of the actual inventor of mRNA technology, Robert Malone.
You see, back in the late 1980s, Robert Malone in a landmark experiment discovered that it was possible to transfer mRNA protected by a liposome into cultured cells to signal the information needed for the production of proteins.
Yeah, I don't really get what any of this means either, but we don't have to get what it means.
Because up until the COVID-19 pandemic, the scientific community agreed that it meant Robert Malone was the inventor of mRNA technology.
Even Wikipedia recognized Malone as the pioneer, as the way back machine shows us that before the pandemic, their page on mRNA vaccines said the following.
In 1989, Robert W. Malone P. felt
I find myself asking is, is 204 captures?
A lot of captures for a, for a webpage between, what is it between February?
I mean, I don't know, anyway, low, it's a low number, okay.
Wagner et al. developed a high efficiency in vitro and in vivo RNA transfection system using cationic liposomes.
These studies were evidence that in vitro transcribed mRNA could deliver the genetic information to produce proteins within living cell tissue.
But then something unexpected happened after the release of a vaccine, Malone started talking a lot.
In fact, he talked his way right into the highest rated podcast of all time, Joe Rogan.
And what he said was not so favorable,
First person to post the right, the right date of the Joe Rogan podcast that, that Robert Malone was on, uh, wins prize.
I don't know what that prize is, like you win.
Do you remember when it was? Because it wasn't as early as you think.
To the people who stood to gain very handsomely from the vaccine.
He said unequivocally that the COVID-19 vaccine was unsafe.
A claim he is not wavered on to this day.
When recently asked if given that the patents for mRNA vaccines belong to him in date back to 1989.
Who's she citing here?
Who is that guy?
I think he's on my map.
He's down here on my map.
Robert Martinotti blocked me because I was trying to point out that they used clones.
And Robert Martinotti is the gatekeeper for, for Mike Eden's telegram group.
Like he blocked me.
Uh, uh, I just find it kind of funny.
I mean, here she is.
Robert Malone is definitely the inventor.
Should have definitely got the prize of anyone.
And Robert Martinotti agrees.
If he should have gotten the Nobel Prize instead, he replied,
probably not because the technology has not been proven to be safe.
After making his rounds on several popular podcasts,
the media swiftly removed him as the inventor of mRNA technology.
The mainstream media got to work on their hit pieces and in came Catalin Carrico,
a little known scientist who spent her entire career attempting to improve the technology that Malone developed to no avail.
Until magically in 2020, everything changed.
After the release of the vaccines, she suddenly shot straight up to the top as the darling inventor of the miracle prophylaxis.
So what exactly was Carrico's contribution to the science behind mRNA vaccines?
She and her partner Weisman modified the vaccine by adding pseudo-uridine, which get this,
made the vaccine less inflammatory.
Yeah, that's right.
The drug that's inflaming people's hearts to the point of killing them was tweaked by Carrico and Weisman
to be less inflammatory, earning them a Nobel Prize.
That really is something. I can't imagine what the vaccine did before their contribution,
but I'm going to assume it looks something like this.
I mean, aside from the fact that the vaccine is unsafe and useless,
awarding these to you instead of the actual inventor of mRNA technology
is kind of like snubbing the Sumerian people for inventing the wheel
and instead opting to award the dude who invented spinner hubcaps.
This is wild.
Look, I know I didn't make it possible for like things to move or whatever,
but I made it possible for things to look like they're moving when they're not.
Which is super trippy, bro. Trust me, it's jokes.
I mean, none of this is surprising, just as the scientists behind lobotomies won a Nobel Prize back in 1949,
our upside-down society will continue to award those who conduct the most atrocious experiments on human beings,
as long as it's profitable, of course.
I learned very young that you don't win in this world for talent or hard work or virtue.
You win by being part of the club.
And boy are these two ever part of the club.
Drew Weisman spent his college year studying biochemistry.
He engaged in environmental and racial justice and was also a voting rights activist.
After graduate school Weisman completed a residency at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center
and a fellowship at the NIH, where he worked on HIV research under the supervision of none other
than the King of COVID and the Vouchy.
Katalyn Carrico's rap sheet is even worse.
After being demoted four times throughout her career, because not a single one of her peers
saw any value in her contributions to mRNA research,
she finally caught her lucky break when she ran into Weisman at a photocopier in 1997.
Weisman told her he wanted to create a vaccine for HIV.
She told him she could do that and they became fast friends.
In 2005, the pair published their research on how mRNA might be used to send instruction to disease cells.
And in their own words, they were waiting for their phones to ring off the hook but didn't get a single phone call.
It wasn't until 2019 when Carrico became the vice president of BioNTech, the creators of the COVID-19 vaccine,
that her hard work finally bared through.
But wait, there's more.
Pfizer, who I will remind you, teamed up with Carrico's company BioNTech to create the COVID-19 vaccine,
donates heavily to the Carolinska Institute, which is solely responsible for awarding the Nobel Prize.
Wow, how perfectly kosher.
Catalin was also a communist spy in her home country, Hungary, but she ensures us that she didn't do anyone any harm during that period of her life.
Besides the last statement, most of that's right out of Robert Malone's own Twitter feed.
So the fact that she plugged him so hard, the fact that she plugged Robert Montanatti and that he was plugging Robert,
it's definitely some kind of network of theater.
It's a question of who they work for or working for or against or what, but JP Sears is part of this group.
It's a pretty impressive little machine.
And so I do think that there's a lot more pieces of this puzzle to put together and we'll keep doing that because the show must go on.
And they are definitely having a spectacular commitment to these lies.
It's such a spectacular commitment to the lies that it creates an illusion of consensus.
And that illusion of consensus is what fooled you and me and everybody, our families and friends and everybody on the whole planet.
Into thinking that the right thing to do with the right question to ask was, where the hell did this virus come from?
And the craftiness of it was is that this plan also included ceding a poison pill narrative of there are no viruses at all.
So that if you ever started to consider the possibility that they were lying, then there would be this ostracized group of incongruent people that you could be immediately placed in,
or immediately find a home in with people who gave you the illusion of consensus that no virus is actually a really, really smart place to be.
You don't get there all by yourself and you don't stay there all by yourself.
But if you find the truth or you get very close to the truth all by yourself, you tend to stay there.
And that's how we're here. We're all people wandering in the dark and saw each other's torch.
And now we all get together here every once in a while, but this is what this is about.
Everybody else is being led away from the exit and back deeper into the cave.
By all these sides shows all these dumb stories that have nothing to do with the original crime as Mike Eden so eloquently put it.
It is a crime. It's an ongoing crime. I don't know how long it's going to go on.
They have lied to us about this pandemic potential and our accessibility to it in order to create a mythology that could enslave our children.
And they did it with an illusion of consensus on all sides of the ball, on TV, on social media, but also among the people who were full censored
so that everybody would in theory be sucked into this and decide that solving these were a good idea because we didn't know what was going on.
Because it was a gain of function virus, we didn't know how bad it would be. So thank goodness we locked down.
So it's going to take a while for everybody to come to the conclusion that I energetic murder was the pandemic, but we can do it.
We've got to stay strong and consistent and not be distracted by the illusion of consensus about a laboratory or bad cave virus and be steadfast in our understanding that the protocols were murder and transfection is a medicine.
It doesn't matter what you call it. Whatever name you want to call the background, it doesn't matter.
And this is the trap that you cannot fall into. Don't let them get you.
That there are artificial ways to create disease. There are artificial ways to disseminate DNA and RNA.
And there may be lots in different ways that mammals and plants and reptiles and vivians fungi all use small vesicles containing RNA and DNA to communicate within and between.
And we know that's true. It's just a question of how much, what role they play, how much they drive evolution.
It's always been something missing in the biology of evolution, of mutation, random mutations leading to adaptation.
One of the things that really is missing from there is that you kind of have a real, you lose a lot of really good traits then for just unlucky.
I think we're going to find that a lot of the biology that we've been led to believe is a lie.
And I think we're going to find that a lot of the reason why we've been lied to is because they don't want us to understand their goals.
They don't want us to understand how we're really being governed.
And they don't want our children to understand how they intend to govern them.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is going to likely be dumb in a few years.
So you might as well get ahead of the curve.
Transfection is definitely not immunization. That's not ahead of the curve. That's just smart.
Stop all transfections in humans.
They are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
I'm going to go get some TV and put some vinegar in it or something, whatever Pamela said.
Hopefully this is not going to get any worse.
Thanks for joining me, everybody.
Thanks for joining me.
What does that mean? I am Amalek.
You type that every night, but I don't know what you mean.
Keeping our flashlights forward, our arms straight.
We're going out of here.
Walking out of the cave, my friends.
Hey, there was an eclipse. I forgot to use that.
Darn it.
I'll use it tomorrow night.
Thanks, guys.
Thank you.